{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1671\cocoasubrtf600
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww15920\viewh10540\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 1. SELECT COUNT(countrycode) FROM city WHERE countrycode=\'91USA\'92;\
2. SELECT AVG(lifeexpectancy) FROM country WHERE country.code=\'91ARG\'92;\
    then\'85 SELECT population FROM country WHERE country.code=\'91ARG\'92;\
3. SELECT * FROM country WHERE lifeexpectancy IS NOT NULL ORDER BY lifeexpectancy DESC LIMIT 1:\
4. SELECT city.name, country.capital FROM city LEFT JOIN country ON city.ID=country.capital WHERE city.countryside=\'91ESP\'92 and country.capital is not null;\
5. SELECT country.region, countrylanguage.language FROM country LEFT JOIN countrylanguage ON country.code=countrylanguage.language WHERE country.region=\'91Southeast Asia\'92; \
6. SELECT * FROM city WHERE name like \'91F%\'92 LIMIT 25;\
7. SELECT * FROM country WHERE name=\'91china\'92;\
then\'85 SLECT COUNT(countrycode) FROM city WHERE countrycode=\'91CHN\'92;\
8. SELECT * FROM country WHERE population IS NOT NULL ORDER BY population ASC limit 1;\
9. SELECT COUNT(distinct countrycode) FROM city;\
10. SELECT * FROM country WHERE surfacearea IS NOT NULL ORDER BY surfacearea DESC limit 10;\
11. select * from country where name=\'91Japan\'92;\
then\'85 SELECT city.name, country.surfacearea FROM city JOIN country ON city.ID=country.surfacearea WHERE city.countrycode=\'91JPN\'92;\
12. select count(name and code) from country where headofstate=\'91elisabeth II\'92\
13. ?\
14. SELECT DISTINCT language FROM countrylanguage;\
15.?\
16. select name from country order by surface area desc limit 10;\
17. select countrycode from countrylanguage where language=\'91french\'92 and percentage > \'9250\'92;\
18. select * from country where lifeexpectancy is not null order by lifeexpectancy asc limit 1;\
19. select (governementform) from country groupby code order by governmentform desc limit 1;\
20. select count(indepyear) from country;}